{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green49\blue51;
\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c23529\c25098\c26275;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18140\viewh13360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 About Dataset\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 This dataset, "
\f2\i Plastic Perception in Lahore
\f1\i0 ," serves as a comprehensive snapshot of the city's attitude towards plastic pollution. Collected by our dedicated team of university fellows during January 2023, this raw dataset offers unfiltered insights into the perspectives and actions of Lahoris from different zones.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li320\fi-320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Anoosha Tanseer\'a0(Owner){\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kaggle.com/qandeelfatima1"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
}}Qandeel Fatima\'a0(Editor){\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kaggle.com/toobanoor"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
}}Tooba Noor\'a0(Editor)\
\
Downloaded 2024-02-15 from:\
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/anooshatanseer/plastic-pollution-in-lahore\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 Data Collection:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Location: Lahore\cb1 \
\cb3 Collectors: Team of university fellows\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 Survey Overview:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Timeframe: January 2023\cb1 \
\cb3 Data Integrity: Raw data, no outliers filtering, no encoding\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 Survey Questions:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Demographics: Gathering essential information about respondents.\cb1 \
\cb3 Plastic Knowledge: Assessing people's awareness and understanding of plastic-related issues.\cb1 \
\cb3 Reaction to Plastic Pollution: Exploring emotional responses towards plastic pollution.\cb1 \
\cb3 Actions Towards Plastic Dump: Understanding the measures taken by individuals in response to plastic waste.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 Meta Data
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Gender: Gender of the respondent (e.g., Male, Female, Other).\cb1 \
\cb3 Age: Age of the respondent.\cb1 \
\cb3 Residence: Specific zone or area within Lahore where the respondent resides. The values in this column represent the different zones from which the data was collected.\cb1 \
\cb3 Education: Educational background of the respondent.\cb1 \
\cb3 Occupation: Current occupation of the respondent.\cb1 \
\cb3 Environmental_Affect: It contains Likert scale values about whether respondent agree or not that plastic is affectig our environment.\cb1 \
\cb3 Everyday_Affect: How plastic pollution affects the respondent in daily life.\cb1 \
\cb3 Time_to_Degrade: Perception of the time it takes for plastic to degrade.\cb1 \
\cb3 Recycling_Symbol: Awareness and understanding of the recycling symbol.\cb1 \
\cb3 Microplastic_in_Food: Awareness of microplastics in food.\cb1 \
\cb3 Chemical_Absorption: Awareness of chemical absorption from plastics.\cb1 \
\cb3 Recycle_Plastic: Participation in recycling plastic.\cb1 \
\cb3 Product_Use: Usage of products made from plastic.\cb1 \
\cb3 Usage_Reason: Reasons for using plastic products.\cb1 \
\cb3 Plastic_over_Other: Preference for plastic over other materials.\cb1 \
\cb3 Purchase_Behaviour: Behavior related to purchasing plastic products.\cb1 \
\cb3 Ensure_Biodegradable: Willingness to ensure products are biodegradable.\cb1 \
\cb3 MicrowaveSafe: Consideration of microwave safety in plastic usage.\cb1 \
\cb3 TakeYourBag: Carrying reusable bags in advance instead of plastic.\cb1 \
\cb3 Location_of_Usage: Places where plastic is used.\cb1 \
\cb3 Food_in_Bag: Storing food in plastic bags.\cb1 \
\cb3 Bag_Reuse: Reusing plastic bags.\cb1 \
\cb3 Bottle_Reuse: Reusing plastic bottles.\cb1 \
\cb3 Cleaning_Responsibility: Responsibility for cleaning plastic waste.\cb1 \
\cb3 Dispose_Outdoor: Disposal behavior for plastic waste outdoors.\cb1 \
\cb3 Waste_Around_You: Awareness of waste in the surrounding environment.\cb1 \
\cb3 Disposal_Behaviour: Overall behavior towards the disposal of plastic.\cb1 \
\cb3 Special_Bins: Utilization of special bins for plastic disposal.\cb1 \
\cb3 Negative_Impact: Perception of negative impacts associated with plastic.\cb1 \
\cb3 Teaching_Kids: Initiatives taken to educate children about plastic.\cb1 \
\cb3 Awareness_Source: Sources of awareness regarding plastic pollution.\cb1 \
\cb3 Way_to_Reduce: Strategies perceived to reduce plastic usage.\cb1 \
\cb3 Willing_to_Adopt: Willingness to adopt alternatives to plastic.\cb1 \
\cb3 Alternatives: Awareness and consideration of plastic alternatives.\cb1 \
\cb3 Survival_without_Plastic: Perception of survival without using plastic.\cb1 \
}